readme: add notes on release policy (#1046)
rycee/home-manager: README.md

in your Home Manager configuration.

Releases
--------

Home Manager is developed against `nixpkgs-unstable` branch, which often causes
it to contain tweaks for changes/packages not yet released in stable NixOS.
To avoid breaking users configurations, Home Manager is released in branches

> corresponding to NixOS releases (e. g. `release-19.09`). These branches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding to NixOS releases (e.g. `release-19.09`). These branches
```

> get fixes, but usually not new packages. If you need a package to be backported,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get fixes, but usually not new modules. If you need a module to be backported,
```
